1. What is HTTP? What are the different HTTP request methods and how do they differ?
HTTP is a protocol used to transfer data between a client and a server on the internet.
It is a request-response protocol 
Different HTTP request methods:
GET - retrieve data from a server, request a webpage, image or resource
POST - send data to a server to be processed, often used to submit forms
PUT - update or create a resource on the server
DELETE - delete a resource from a server
HEAD - requests the headers of the response


2. What is an API? What is JSON?
An Application Programming Interface is a set of rules that allow software applications
to communicate with each other. API defines how requests and responses should be
formatted between a client 
JavaScript Object Notation is a text-based data interchange format used to store data.
Usually represents data as key-value pairs, similar to dictionary
Popular because it's efficient for data transmission

3. What is AJAX? What is meant by asynchronous code?
Asynchronous Javascript And XML is a technique used to update parts of a 
web page without reloading the entire page. Allows web applications
to send and receive data asynchronously from a server in the 
background. 
Asynchronous code is where operations can run independently and the program
can continue executing without waiting for those operations to complete. Commonly used
for tasks that involve waiting for external resources, like network requests, file I/O

4. What is REST and what are resources?
Representational State Transfer is an architectural style for designing networked
applications, often used to create APIs that interact with web services.
Relies on a stateless, client-server communication model.
Resources refer to any identifiable piece of data that can be addressed over
the network. 

 If my application had a concept called posts and
was designed in a RESTful way, what would the URI and HTTP request method be to:
a. retrieve multiple posts
URI: /posts
HTTP Method: GET
b. retrieve a single post
URI: /posts/{id}
HTTP Method: GET
c. save a post
URI: /posts
HTTP Method: POST
d. update a post
URI: /posts/{id}
HTTP Method: PUT 

5. Define hoisting and closures in JS.
Hoisting is JavaScript's default behavior of moving declarations to the 
top of the current scope (either global or function scope) before code execution. 
This means that variables and function declarations can be used before they are declared 
in the code.

A closure is a function that retains access to its parent scope, even after the parent function has 
finished executing. Closures allow inner functions to remember and access variables from their outer function’s scope, 
even after that outer function has returned.